samples: Bluetooth: df: Forward GPIO pins from app to network core (#8123)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/direction_finding_central/README.rst

Board specific configuration involves configuring the Bluetooth LE controller.

> For :ref:`nRF5340 DK <ug_nrf5340>`, the Bluetooth LE controller is part of a ``child image`` meant to run on the network core.
> Configuration for the child image is stored in the :file:`child_image/` subdirectory.
> For :ref:`nRF5340 DK <ug_nrf5340>`, there is also an application core :file:`boards/nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp.overlay` DTS overlay that forwards control over GPIOs to network core.
> This gives control over GPIOs to the Radio peripheral to execute antenna switching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

nRF5340 configuration files
===================

The following additional configuration files are available for the :ref:`nRF5340 DK <ug_nrf5340>`:

* The Bluetooth LE controller is part of a child image meant to run on the network core.
  The configuration for the child image is stored in the :file:`child_image/` subdirectory.
* :file:`boards/nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp.overlay` DTS overlay file is available for the application core.
  This file forwards the control over GPIOs to network core, which gives control over GPIOs to the radio peripheral in order to execute antenna switching.
```
Propagate to other samples.
